# Abyss #

### Intro ###

It began the way it always does. With rain and lightning on a warm summer night. Vika had found shelter beneath an outcropping of rock at the base of a towering cliff and set up camp for the night. She had managed to collect enough dry wood before the sky opened up and let loose its torrent of warm liquid life. After a meager meal of stale bread and a weak vegetable soup, she found herself lost in glowing embers and flickering tendrils of the fire. Her mind wandered the vast expanses of the universe with all the lucidity of the stone upon which she sat. She liked fire. She always had. The way that it flickered into existence from a spark and vanished just as quickly leaving only embers and charcoal behind. Sometimes she felt closer to the fire than she had ever felt towards another human.
The lightning flashed overhead lighting up the dark world beyond the fire and she suddenly became aware of another presence. Vika jumped to her feet and grasped the leather wrapped handle of her sword. On the edge of the fire’s reach she could make out the shape of a hunched figure. It’s eyes reflected the glow of the fire dimly. Vika squinted, trying to make sense of the figure and determine its intent.
The figure started to move slowly towards the outcropping where Vika stood poised to draw. Vika started her draw stroke and stopped abruptly. The figure took the form of an old woman as it moved into the reach of the flame. The woman’s eyes were a milky white. Her face was scarred and twisted with age. She was bundled in a tattered old cloak that looked like it had not seen water in years.
Questions raced through Vika’s mind. What was she doing here? How did she get out in the middle of nowhere? What did she want? Vika was about to shout out a greeting to the woman but something gave her pause. The rain was still crashing heavily on the stones that littered the ground but the old woman was not wet at all. It was as if the rain passed through her.
The old woman stopped her approach and seemed to stare at Vika despite her blindness. The old woman slowly raised arm. Her cloak sleeve pulled up revealing a bony hand covered with dry wrinkled skin. One skeletal finger stuck out ahead of the others and pointed east. The woman’s eyes seemed so sink into her skull as she opened her mouth wide, wider than any human should be able to, revealing a mouth blacker than the night that surrounded them. A sound like a screech filled Vika’s head. She covered her ears to no avail. The woman’s voice seemed to vibrate Vika’s soul rather than the air. Vika felt as if she would be torn apart under the pressure of the shriek. Her vision blurred. Her face twisted in agony. She dropped to her knees and curled into a ball, wishing for death.
As quickly as the shriek had started, it ceased. Vika scrambled to her feet, drew her sword with a trembling hand, and rushed forward but the old woman had vanished. She looked around, eyes darting back and forth trying to see where the woman had ran off to, but she was nowhere to be found. Vika dropped her sword, stumbled into the rain, and vomited what little stomach contents she had all over the rocky ground.
She stared at the puddle of stomach acid and chunks of food, which had already started to wash away, for a moment and then looked in the direction the woman had pointed. On the horizon, black and daunting, was the Forest of Eternity. The Forest was the border of human civilization as far as anyone knows. Not many dared to enter its unknown expanses and those who did never seemed to return. To enter the Forest was to walk into the Abyss.
